Add external link design convention (#4916)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/product.md

Pressing the return or enter key with an open form will cause the form to be submitted.

**External links**

> When adding an external link to text, use `$core-blue` as the color and `xs-bold` styling. The link-out icon will also be included to the right of the text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a link that navigates the user to an external site (ex. fleetdm.com/docs), use the `$core-blue` color and `xs-bold` styling for the link's text. Also, place the link-out icon to the right of the link's text.
```

I propose tweaking the language here so that it first communicates what these links are used for (navigating to an external site). What do you think?

Author: Yes! I like these changes.
